GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 3, 19 November 2007

Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

The GNU Affero General Public License is a free software license
that guarantees end users the freedom to run, study, share, and
modify the software. It ensures that users who interact with
the software over a network can obtain the source code and
modify it. This is important for encouraging community
collaboration on software development and ensuring that users
can control the software they use.

This license is a strong copyleft license, meaning that any
derivative work based on the covered software must also be
distributed under the same license terms. This ensures that
improvements to the software remain free and accessible to
everyone.

The GNU Affero General Public License is designed to be
compatible with the GNU General Public License, allowing
developers to combine and distribute software under both
licenses. It is also intended to provide a clear legal
framework for software developers and users to protect their
rights and responsibilities.

By using or distributing software covered by this license, you
agree to abide by its terms and conditions.

For more information about the GNU Affero General Public
License, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>.